The link to submit a request for download of the Washington State Voter Registration Database is below:
https://www.sos.wa.gov/elections/vrdb/extract-requests.aspx

Using PDFPig to process the PDF contents https://github.com/UglyToad/PdfPig

Producing the Release
---------------------
Check the notes in Joplin regarding "Setup Project - Version".  This covers what has to happen for upgrades to go smoothly.


Deploying
---------
1. Create a VRDB folder elsewhere for depositing the pieces of the package.
2. Build the release configuration of the Setup program and copy the output to the VRDB folder.  Include any folders of dependency assemblies.
4. Copy the Washington Voter Registration Database extract file (e.g., 202101_VRDB_Extract.txt) to the VRDB folder.
5. Copy the extract permissions document (e.g., Extract Readme.pdf) to the VRDB folder.
6. Right-click the VRDB folder and create a VRDB.zip archive.
7. Copy the archive to the distribution server.
8. Delete the VRDB folder.


Future
------

Need to review the search comparison:
	spSearch is using LIKE on FirstName and LastName but doesn't use any wildcards -- so what is the point?
	spCompareSearch is using LIKE on FirstName but uses a terminating wildcard -- again, this seems pointless since it is reading the name from the report.  It also compares the first letter of the middle name (if present in the member data).

Could add option to output results to an XLSX (if Excel is present, and using the correct conditional formatting) or to a PDF (with highlighting in place).

Units chould be in Address2.  Would need to update our addresses and then adjust the report and program to include Addresss2.
	But first attempt caused lots of issues for identifying fields
	Too much data on the page so it started bleeding between the columns reducing the space; initial issue was between headings "Gender" and "Address2"

Add check for over a year since data load?

Add Database project where the output (MDF/LDF) is all that is added?  This would help a lot during development instead of having to close/open VS to clear the connections

Considered adding address directions and address types into the database to allow adding without having to recompile; but would still have to repackage the app anyway.

Add hint help (or something) so that user knows they can use wildcard in search (%)


Issues
------

[Clear Results] doesn't enable except when there are results; makes clearing an entry that didn't produce results inconvenient; but, placing focus in a field does
	highlight that field...
How can I hide the 01/01/0001 dates and display an empty field?
 
